I'm Henrietta Isabella petronella Kim
dear dad I've made it to the Alps in one
piece
life is a shallow girl has its ups and
downs still it beats life back in
England I've made a good impression on
the boss the locals seem busy and
despite the long hours this is your
fault you
I'm starting to discover join this job
definitely has its perks my bat she
became as one I used to be ugly men
we're gonna I'm lucky I'm stuck in this
cage existence I just wanna be a pop
star rock star
no Cebu the clients in a separate world
you go back to yours is the chalet girl
well you just think you can do better
Tim Felicity Jones ed Westwick Tamsin
egerton Sophia Bush Bill Bailey Brooke
Shields and Bill Nighy bring you a
hilarious new comedy yeah they always
say that that was quite funny you're a
natural
about how far you need to go well you
said she hadn't been in the mountains
cool Chabot to conquer your fears and
enjoy the ride
shall a girl put the photos on Facebook
you